terminate the winner if I was to reach
out and to use the endo chronicles -
within yourself a Jew very efficient
work there is another division it is
relative to Buddhist
second situation what did you like to
stay mercifully very happy thank you for
inviting us
Thank You Jaime thank you for peace
thank you
what else and very international we've
grown up here take care everyone
it's such a great people I don't know
hi guys how you doing such an honor to
be out here everything in Indonesia is
your model comfortable work for the
first time I would like to thanks he ma
gothis 1l center international organizer
all the crew the people of Korea
etheline management team of our Sienna
is a sattaiah BB must be off Aviano for
that beautiful dress I really like what
you guys doing here uniting all Asian
countries through fashion and music
keep up the good work guys I'm sorry
Korea